Add readthedocs config (#4)
iterorganization/imas-data-dictionary: docs/ggd_guide/doc.rst

``...grid_ggd(grid index).grid_subset(grid_subset_index).element(1...n)``
elements.

.. [DD_git] Data Dictionary repository: https://git.iter.org/projects/IMAS/repos/data-dictionary
.. [IMAS_releases] IMAS releases: https://jira.iter.org/projects/IMAS?selectedItem=com.atlassian.jira.jira-projects-plugin:release-page&status=released

> .. [Thesis] M. Sc. Thesis: Visualisation of Fusion Data-Structures for Scrape-Off Layer Plasma Simulations: https://user.iter.org/?uid=VL75XE

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. [Thesis] M. Sc. Thesis: Visualisation of Fusion Data-Structures for Scrape-Off Layer Plasma Simulations, University of Ljubljana, Faculty of Mechanical Engineering, September 2017
```

Author: Done in https://github.com/iterorganization/imas-data-dictionary/pull/4/commits/f04d605ea6d8d0fc42085dc2c2566e70f26d05b0
